# CS-340-Client-Server-Development


    How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The reason to do and write code like this is to make it easily transfereable and modular so that it can be used in other things like for example how I used the same CRUD python code for both Project One and Project Two which both required the ability to Read from the data in our Animals database. I find that working modularly helps to overall speed up the development of an app or code and also make it easier to troubleshoot when needed.
    
    How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I think first and foremost, in other courses I was only required to make the main function of a project and never work on the actual design considerations and how the overall user experience would be. I think to properly approach problems it is important to start with what is being asked of us and next figuring out how to implement those best, to make sure that these are done correctly it is important to put test cases in that will try to complete all of our requirements, Alot of times thsi was done by having debug statements that would add in specific statements to check wheter it worked or not. I think in this course it has helped me to consider the overall look and feel of an app as well as the functional requirements, In the future I will use the things i learned in the course to make better apps that will now consider the overall user experience as well as the functional requirements.
    
    What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
I think the best way to describe what computer scientists do is find a problem, think on how to fix the problem, make a solution to the problem, and test the solution on the problem. I think my work in particular would help a company in the future as I made a modular and scalable solution to their problem which would allow them to easily adapt or upgrade this solution in the future which would require less time and monetary investment as making a new program from scratch.
